Welcome to Adventures Beyond Wonderland!
To join in on the adventure
simply place a bet on one or more of the seven options.
If the result is 2 or 5 Wonderspins
the White Rabbit will take you to an adventure beyond Wonderland.
Each Wonderspin can enhance your bet
by landing on one of the beloved characters.
Each character starts with a different Multiplier.
There are three enchanting stages to a Wonderspin:
First, the inner clock chooses either a Multiplier
or an additional Wonderspin.
Then, if a Multiplier is chosen
the rabbit will randomly pick a character
and add that Multiplier to the current one.
And finally, the wheel will spin to reveal the results!
The results of all Wonderspins add up to give your final Multiplier.
What's more – a winning bet on the Magic Dice
takes you to the interactive dice game.
Choose your path –
follow the red or the white dice:
pick your lucky dice and enjoy the game!
Based on the result of the dice,
you can either win a Multiplier and finish the game,
or progress further to potentially claim a bigger reward.
If you're extra lucky, you might even multiply all your possible wins!
If the wheel lands on the mystery segment you have options:
You can get a free spin with multiplied bets.
Or, you can choose one of the card soldiers
that will march in to get a fixed prize.